area_id,area_name
area_bl,Blue Line
area_bl_airport,Blue Line - Airport Station
area_cf_zone_buzzards,CapeFLYER - Wareham/Buzzards Bay/Bourne
area_cf_zone_hyannis,CapeFLYER - Hyannis
area_commuter_rail_porter_zone_1a,Commuter Rail Zone 1A
area_commuter_rail_sumner_tunnel_zone_1a,Commuter Rail Zone 1A
area_commuter_rail_zone_1,Commuter Rail Zone 1
area_commuter_rail_zone_10,Commuter Rail Zone 10
area_commuter_rail_zone_1a,Commuter Rail Zone 1A
area_commuter_rail_zone_2,Commuter Rail Zone 2
area_commuter_rail_zone_3,Commuter Rail Zone 3
area_commuter_rail_zone_4,Commuter Rail Zone 4
area_commuter_rail_zone_5,Commuter Rail Zone 5
area_commuter_rail_zone_6,Commuter Rail Zone 6
area_commuter_rail_zone_7,Commuter Rail Zone 7
area_commuter_rail_zone_8,Commuter Rail Zone 8
area_commuter_rail_zone_9,Commuter Rail Zone 9
area_fairmount_line_zone_1a,Commuter Rail Zone 1A - Fairmount Line
area_gl_govt_ctr,Green Line - Government Center
area_green_b_west_of_kenmore,Green Line B - West of Kenmore
area_green_c_west_of_kenmore,Green Line C - West of Kenmore
area_green_e_west_of_symphony,Green Line E - West of Symphony
area_m_ashmont_mattapan,Mattapan Trolley - Ashmont and Mattapan
area_ol_state,Orange Line - State
area_red_south_station,Red Line - South Station
area_route_354_downtown,Route 354 - Downtown
area_route_354_outside_downtown,Route 354 - Outside Downtown
area_route_426_downtown,Route 426 - Downtown
area_route_426_outside_downtown,Route 426 - Outside Downtown
area_route_450_downtown,Route 450 - Downtown
area_route_450_outside_downtown,Route 450 - Outside Downtown
area_sl3_north_of_airport,Silver Line - North of Airport Station
area_sl_airport,Silver Line - Airport Station
area_sl_courthouse,Silver Line - Courthouse
area_sl_logan_terminal,Silver Line - Airport Terminals
area_sl_silver_line_way,Silver Line - Silver Line Way
area_sl_south_station,Silver Line - South Station
area_sl_world_trade_center,Silver Line - World Trade Center
area_ss_commuter_rail_zone_1a,Commuter Rail Zone 1A - South Station
